♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
They first land on Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
burning and frozen halves.
After they discover that
the Master of the island,
Caesar Clown, has been
performing terrible experiments,
they set off to confront him.
Before they got far, Luffy was
approached by Trafalgar Law,
and the two agreed
to form an alliance.
They make a plan to
capture Caesar Clown
and set out separately
for the laboratory.
[NAMI (SANJI)] He won't get his
hands on these children again.
They were drugged and
used as test subjects.
They've suffered
more than enough.
This Master, though.
I'd like to make him suffer.
Hey, you guys, look over there!
[BOTH gasp]
What in the hell is that thing?
[MARINE AA]
It's headed right for us!
[MARINE AB]
Is it some kind of missile?
Nope, it's not a missile.
Go. Cien Fleurs. Wing!
[LUFFY]
Wham!
[FRANKY]
Yeah!
[BOTH gasp]
All right, come on out,
Master dude!
Or else we'll
break into your lab
before we kick your
ass and kidnap you!
Luffy, that was
supposed to be secret.
Him again!
[gasps]
[CHOPPER]
Go, Luffy, go!
Damn loud mouth!
Are you capable of
doing anything quietly?
[laughing]
[LUFFY]
"On the Verge of Annihilation!
A Deadly Monster
Comes Flying In!"
Hey, guys, did that bastard
just say he's gonna
kick our master's
ass and kidnap him?
Yeah, like hell.
Down with the
Straw Hats! Let's go!
[CENTAURS yelling]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[FRANKY]
Go, Strong... Right!
[CENTAURS screaming]
Well, sir?
How would you like us
to proceed from here?
Obviously we capture every
last one of the Straw Hats.
You heard 'im, boys!
Let's go catch us some pirates.
[MARINES yelling]
Now. Cien Fleurs!
[MARINES gasping]
[ROBIN]
Clutch!
[MARINES groan]
What now?
We leave them to it.
Let's get inside.
[CHOPPER] How? Do you
have a key or something?
Oh, right. The teleportation
thing. I forgot.
[LAW]
Room.
Do you remember
the plan we discussed?
Yeah. You're gonna come up with
some sort of distraction
to get Caesar and the
bird-lady out of the room,
then I'll look for
information about the drug.
[CENTAUR D yells]
[FRANKY]
Weapons Left!
[CENTAUR D groans]
[CENTAURS gasping]
[MARINE F groaning]
We're here.
How long do you think we'll
have to wait for the Master?
I doubt he intends to
walk out and greet us.
Okay. What now?
Do we look for him
in the laboratory?
[LUFFY]
Sounds good.
That door over there's
probably the entrance, right?
[ROBIN]
Shall we go?
[TASHIGI (SMOKER) yells]
I'll get you, Straw Hat!
Hey! The smoke guy!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[CHILDREN crying]
Hey, let us go!
Gimme candy! Candy!
[NAMI (SANJI)] They're showing
withdrawal symptoms again.
What do we do?
They'll be better off sleeping.
I'll use another one.
Special Attack--Sleep Star!
[CHILDREN yelling]
[gasps]
[DOLAN grunts]
Candy!
[CHILDREN grunting]
[USOPP] No way! My Sleep Star
didn't work on them?
What now?
We can't just let them go.
[SYND grunting]
Oh, no!
That was close, but at least
they're sleeping now.
Yeah. It was less effective
this time, though.
[USOPP]
A lot less.
We're in trouble the
next time they wake up.
Well, Straw Hat Luffy,
tell me this.
What is your crew doing here?
Why so mad?
You look better than
I thought you would.
Last time I saw you, you were
getting beat up pretty bad.
Stop messing with me.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
What's wrong?
Constipated or something?
You feeling gassy?
[gasps]
Ha! Take that!
[TASHIGI (SMOKER) gasps]
You didn't used to be this weak.
Did something happen to you?
Get off of me! Let go!
Not just weak.
You sound different, too.
Almost like you're
a girl or something.
Hey, Tashigi. Do me a favor.
Don't get your ass kicked
by an idiot like him
while you're in my body, okay?
Hey, that weapon.
Straw Hat Luffy back at sea,
causing trouble.
Too bad. I'm here now
to put an end to your fun!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) yells]
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) grunts]
[LUFFY]
Crap, I got hit.
[LUFFY panting]
That thing's tipped
with Sea Prism Stone.
I remember her.
It's that lady captain
with the glasses.
When'd she get so strong?
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] Heh.
The name's Smoker, Straw Hat.
Wha?
Don't you see?
They're both victims
of Law's little trick.
Huh?
Oh. The whole "shuffle" thing?
Okay.
That explains
why he was so weak.
So this girl is...
O-Oh, wow. Nice look,
Smokey! [laughing]
What's so funny,
you little maggot?
No more dodging. Come fight me!
Second Gear!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
Bring it on, Straw Hat.
This should be fun.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) yells]
[FRANKY]
And strong... Right!
[CENTAURS gasp, groan]
Am I gonna have to
beat up all of 'em?
That'll take too long. Huh?
We know where the door is.
Why don't I make us
a little shortcut?
All right. Let's go!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
He's moving too fast!
Huh?
We'll finish this
another time, 'kay?
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
What?
I'd rather fight you when you
can use all your strength.
It's more fun that way.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] I don't
need charity. We fight now!
[LUFFY]
Bye, Smokey! See ya!
And go Radical Beam!
[CENTAURS gasp, scream]
[CENTAUR J]
He blasted a hole in it!
How strong are they?
Was that a laser?
[laughs] Luffy. Robin.
The lab door's open now.
Let's go in and say hi.
Woohoo!
Way to use that laser. Yeah!
[ROBIN chuckles]
[MARINE E] Smokey!
There's something strange
flyin' at us, sir!
[TASHIGI (SMOKER)]
It's up there!
What the?
What is that?
The ship.
[MARINES chattering]
[MARINES gasping]
[MARINE A gasps]
The ship!
Stay back for now.
Luffy! Franky! Wait a minute.
[LUFFY, FRANKY]
Huh?
What the hell is that?
How is it moving?
I'll take care of it! [yells]
Have a taste of this!
What's happening?
It's getting harder to breathe.
[MARINE L]
Poison gas! Don't inhale it.
[MARINE N] It started
leaking after we cut it open
and filled it with bullet holes.
[MARINE M]
We need our gas masks!
Quick, let's go!
[MARINES chattering]
Whoa! That looks crazy!
Is it alive?
Perhaps it's some
kind of monster.
It moves on its own.
[CENTAUR M gasps]
Tell me, where did
that thing come from?
I... I have no idea.
I've never seen it before.
[MARINE B] It just came
falling out of the sky.
[MARINE C] Yeah, and now
it's all over the ship!
[MARINE D]
Whatever it is, it's disgusting!
[SMILEY growls]
[MARINE O] It's got eyes. That
means it's some creature, right?
Hey! Look!
[MARINE O] The blobs are
merging. It's getting bigger!
[MARINES gasping]
[MARINES]
What?!
[MARINE P]
I bet it can't swim.
Let's try pushing it
in the water.
[MARINE Q]
Are you sure that's a good idea?
[MARINE P]
Huh?
[MARINE P gasps]
It's leaking gas again!
Get him out!
[MARINE Q, MARINE R]
One, two, three!
Crap.
So, what now?
[MARINE P groans, coughs]
Ow! It's on my skin!
Somebody get it off!
Hurry! We need some cloth!
Ya see! I knew we shouldn't
have touched that thing!
[MARINE R]
So what do we do?
[MARINE Q]
How should I know?
[MARINE S]
I've got this, boys!
[MARINES]
Huh?
Stay back.
We haven't seen if it
likes fire yet, have we?
I say we give it a try!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Die!
[MARINE S]
There's nothing in the world
that's not afraid of fire!
Good idea. Smart guy!
Burn the sucker! [laughs]
I'm gonna kill
this slime monster.
Won't be long now!
[MARINE V] The thing's
gotta be hurting, right?
[MARINE W]
It's starting to burn!
Come on and die, you freak show!
[MARINE R gasps]
Yeah!
[MARINE S]
Die, bastard!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINES gasping]
[LUFFY gasps]
No, damn you!
So, anyone know
what that thing is?
[SUBORDINATE C] Some kind of
slimey blob monster!
[SUBORDINATE D]
Touch it, it spews poison.
Burn it, it explodes.
[CHAPPE] Is it dead?
Was it alive in the first place?
Does it matter?
It's gone now, right?
Yeah, right. That's good, huh?
More than good.
That explosion saved
us the trouble of
going after the Navy bastards
who stole our ship.
It did us a favor.
Huh?
[CENTAURS gasp]
[FEN BOCK]
It's back!
There's more! Coming this way!
[FRANKY] Falling out of
the sky like before.
[ROBIN]
How many are there?
So is it, uh, living?
I have no clue.
I've never seen
anything like it.
Nor I, and I've seen plenty.
[BROOK]
This is such a shocking sight,
my eyes might pop
out of my head!
Well, they would,
but I haven't got any.
[chuckles]
Well, whatever it is,
it's strange.
And whatever it's doing
is even stranger.
Wow! It seems to have spit
something high into the sky.
And look.
I believe it's headed
this way, quite quickly.
[BROOK, KIN'EMON, SANJI (NAMI)
gasp]
How vile. It seems
to be pulsing.
I think I might throw up.
[ALL gasping]
Look out. There's one coming!
Run away! Don't let
them touch you!
Smoker, quick!
It's too dangerous to stay.
Retreat and find cover.
[chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughing]
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Good boy!
I'm sorry I had to keep you
locked up for three years.
[ALL gasp]
Master!
You should go, sir.
It isn't safe here now.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughing]
Just like I thought.
It is Caesar Clown.
He's the one behind this.
[LUFFY]
Are you the Master?
That's it! You're goin' down!
[laughs] Master of Punk Hazard.
Straw Hat Pirates and
Marines of the Navy G-5,
welcome to my island.
Allow me to present the most
brilliant scientist ever!
[laughs]
I am Caesar Clown!
A bit of patience.
It won't be long.
[SUBORDINATE E gasps, screams]
[CAESAR CLOWN] He doesn't
tolerate water very well,
you see. So, in order
to cross the lake,
he has to fling himself
over, piece by piece.
Inconvenient, perhaps,
but effective nonetheless.
From a land of blazing fire,
to a land of sparkling ice.
In a few minutes,
he will be fully reassembled
on this side of the lake.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
And then, boys and girls,
the show will begin.
A recreation of the explosion
from four years ago.
And you have front row seats.
Now, prepare for
destruction on a scale
that you've never
witnessed before.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Soon, it shall run wild!
A weapon so powerful that it
kills everything in its path.
Who could possibly
invent such a thing
but the world's
preeminent scientist?
That's me, the one and only
Caesar Clown, at your service.
[laughing]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
I got you now, Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN screams]
[NARRATOR] Luffy and the
villainous Caesar Clown
face each other in battle,
both refusing to budge an inch.
But after the smoke clears,
the Master of Punk
Hazard is captured.
Just then, the shocking power of
the Gas Gas Fruit is revealed.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"An Intense Battle!
Caesar Exercises
His True Power!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!